Create a new About page for Arenas. It's a public content page (no auth). Follow the same pattern as the other public pages (like for-clubs): a self-contained HTML file + a one-line route.
1. Create html/arenas-about.html — a public marketing/content page styled to match the existing marketing pages (landing-login, for-clubs) so it feels consistent: same fonts (Source Sans 3 / IBM Plex Mono per the other pages), same color system (the yellow #FFD21E brand, dark navy sections, clean white content), same header/nav and footer treatment as the other marketing pages. It should have:

The same top nav/header as the marketing pages (Arenas logo, and the same nav links — Features/Pricing/For clubs/Log in/Sign up — so a visitor can navigate, matching landing-login's header)
The About content below (I'll give you the exact copy)
The same footer as the other marketing pages (About · Terms · Privacy · Contact)
Fully responsive (mobile-friendly, like the other marketing pages — single column on mobile)

2. The About page copy — use this content, formatted nicely with clear section headings and readable typography (generous spacing, a comfortable reading width, not full-bleed text):
Page title / hero: "About Arenas"
Section — Why I built this

I kept noticing the same thing: there's no single place for people who want to be active.
If you run, there's an app for that. If you cycle, there's another. Climbers, swimmers, lifters — everyone's scattered across different apps, mostly tracking their own workouts alone. The tools are good at logging numbers, but they're not great at the thing that actually keeps people moving: other people.
I wanted to build something different. A place where being active is social — where a complete beginner logging their first 5K and someone training seriously for a race can be part of the same community, cheer each other on, and show up together.
Section — What Arenas is for

Arenas is an active community for anyone who wants to move more — across every sport, at every level.
It doesn't matter if you're just starting out or you've been at it for years. The point isn't to be the fastest or the strongest. It's to be part of something: a feed full of real activity, clubs to belong to, challenges to chase, and people who keep you going on the days you'd rather not.
We bring sports together instead of keeping them apart. Your running, your climbing, your weekend hike — it all lives in one place, alongside the people you train with.
Section — Where we're headed

This is just the beginning. The vision is bigger than tracking workouts: a place where the line between professional athletes and the people who love their sport gets thinner — where fans and pros connect in a more genuine, active way than anywhere else.
We're early, and we're building the founding community right now. If that sounds like something you want to be part of, you're exactly who Arenas is for.
Below the copy: add a simple call-to-action — a "Get started free" or "Join the founding community" button that links to the signup/landing page — consistent with the CTAs on the other marketing pages.
3. Add the route in server.js — one line, BASE-prefixed, public (no auth guard), following the existing pattern:

app.get(BASE + '/about', (req, res) => res.sendFile(path.join(HTML, 'arenas-about.html')));

(Mirror how /for-clubs and /landing are served.)
4. Don't wire the footer links yet — just create the page and route. We'll wire About/Terms/Privacy/Contact across all the footers in one pass once Terms and Privacy pages also exist. (Though if it's trivial, you can point this new page's OWN footer "About" link at /about so it's self-consistent.)
Verify the page renders, the route works (BASE-prefixed for both Replit /html and Railway root), and it looks good on desktop and mobile matching the other marketing pages. Use the harness/screenshot approach to confirm appearance. Don't push until I confirm.